docs(general): Revise "imposter syndrome" language (#5016)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/hot-module-replacement-plugin.md

## Basic Usage

> Enabling HMR is straight-forward and in most cases no options are necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling HMR is straightforward and in most cases no options are necessary.
```
